you
I never saw the sunshine so right there
saw things go by where the mr. who comes
between my sister two greatest figures
in show business Bing and Danny as 2xg
eyes who formed a perfect partnership
rosemary and burea Helen as the sisters
who have them in a spin with Dean Jagger
as the unemployed general they take
under their wing apparently there's
still quite a bit of our children this I
don't understand I want to come to you
sir just takes time who you wouldn't be
any good as generals you weren't any
good as private a wonderful story that
will warm your hearts just as the
breathtaking scope of a new scream
wonder will widen your eyes white
Christmas in this division
[Music]
if we let a mega pee